## API Design Flow
[Resource Oriented API Design Flow](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#design_flow)

### [Resources](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#resources)
A resource-oriented API is generally modeled as a resource hierarchy, where each node is either a simple resource or a collection resource. For convenience, they are often called a resource and a collection, respectively.

A collection contains a list of resources of the same type. For example, a user has a collection of contacts.
A resource has some state and zero or more sub-resources. Each sub-resource can be either a simple resource or a collection resource.
For example, Gmail API has a collection of users, each user has a collection of messages, a collection of threads, a collection of labels, a profile resource, and several setting resources.

While there is some conceptual alignment between storage systems and REST APIs, a service with a resource-oriented API is not necessarily a database, and has enormous flexibility in how it interprets resources and methods. For example, creating a calendar event (resource) may create additional events for attendees, send email invitations to attendees, reserve conference rooms, and update video conference schedules.

### [Methods](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#methods)
The key characteristic of a resource-oriented API is that it emphasizes resources (data model) over the methods performed on the resources (functionality). A typical resource-oriented API exposes a large number of resources with a small number of methods. The methods can be either the standard methods or custom methods. For this guide, the standard methods are: List, Get, Create, Update, and Delete.

Where API functionality naturally maps to one of the standard methods, that method should be used in the API design. For functionality that does not naturally map to one of the standard methods, custom methods may be used. Custom methods offer the same design freedom as traditional RPC APIs, which can be used to implement common programming patterns, such as database transactions or data analysis.

#### Examples
[GMAIL API](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#gmail_api)
[CLOUD PUB/SUB API](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#cloud_pubsub_api)
[CLOUD SPANNER API] (https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resources#cloud_spanner_api)
