## [Standard Methods](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods)

| Standard Method | HTTP Mapping               | HTTP Request Body | HTTP Response Body      |
|-----------------|----------------------------|-------------------|-------------------------|
| List            | GET <collection URL>       | N/A               | Resource* list          |
| Get             | GET <resource URL>         | N/A               | Resource*               |
| Create          | POST <collection URL>      | Resource          | Resource*               |
| Update          | PUT or PATCH <resource URL>| Resource          | Resource*               |
| Delete          | DELETE <resource URL>      | N/A               | google.protobuf.Empty** |

The resource returned from List, Get, Create, and Update methods may contain partial data if the methods support response field masks, which specify a subset of fields to be returned. In some cases, the API platform natively supports field masks for all methods.

The response returned from a Delete method that doesn't immediately remove the resource (such as updating a flag or creating a long-running delete operation) should contain either the long-running operation or the modified resource.

A standard method may also return a long running operation for requests that do not complete within the time-span of the single API call.

### [List Methods](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods#list)
The List method takes a collection name and zero or more parameters as input, and returns a list of resources that match the input.

List is commonly used to search for resources. List is suited to data from a single collection that is bounded in size and not cached. For broader cases, the custom method Search should be used.

A batch get (such as a method that takes multiple resource IDs and returns an object for each of those IDs) should be implemented as a custom BatchGet method, rather than a List. However, if you have an already-existing List method that provides the same functionality, you may reuse the List method for this purpose instead. If you are using a custom BatchGet method, it should be mapped to HTTP GET.

Applicable common patterns: pagination, result ordering.

Applicable naming conventions: filter field, results field

HTTP mapping:

* The List method must use an HTTP GET verb.
* The request message field(s) receiving the name of the collection whose resources are being listed should map to the URL path. If the collection name maps to the URL path, the last segment of the URL template (the collection ID) must be literal.
* All remaining request message fields shall map to the URL query parameters.
* There is no request body; the API configuration must not declare a body clause.
* The response body should contain a list of resources along with optional metadata.

#### Example
```proto
// Lists books in a shelf.
rpc ListBooks(ListBooksRequest) returns (ListBooksResponse) {
  // List method maps to HTTP GET.
  option (google.api.http) = {
    // The `parent` captures the parent resource name, such as "shelves/shelf1".
    get: "/v1/{parent=shelves/*}/books"
  };
}

message ListBooksRequest {
  // The parent resource name, for example, "shelves/shelf1".
  string parent = 1;

  // The maximum number of items to return.
  int32 page_size = 2;

  // The next_page_token value returned from a previous List request, if any.
  string page_token = 3;
}

message ListBooksResponse {
  // The field name should match the noun "books" in the method name.  There
  // will be a maximum number of items returned based on the page_size field
  // in the request.
  repeated Book books = 1;

  // Token to retrieve the next page of results, or empty if there are no
  // more results in the list.
  string next_page_token = 2;
}
```

### [Get](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods#get) 
The Get method takes a resource name, zero or more parameters, and returns the specified resource.

HTTP mapping:

* The Get method must use an HTTP GET verb.
* The request message field(s) receiving the resource name should map to the URL path.
* All remaining request message fields shall map to the URL query parameters.
* There is no request body; the API configuration must not declare a body clause.
* The returned resource shall map to the entire response body.

Example:
```proto
// Gets a book.
rpc GetBook(GetBookRequest) returns (Book) {
  // Get maps to HTTP GET. Resource name is mapped to the URL. No body.
  option (google.api.http) = {
    // Note the URL template variable which captures the multi-segment resource
    // name of the requested book, such as "shelves/shelf1/books/book2"
    get: "/v1/{name=shelves/*/books/*}"
  };
}

message GetBookRequest {
  // The field will contain name of the resource requested, for example:
  // "shelves/shelf1/books/book2"
  string name = 1;
}
```

### [Create](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods#create)

The Create method takes a parent resource name, a resource, and zero or more parameters. It creates a new resource under the specified parent, and returns the newly created resource.

If an API supports creating resources, it should have a Create method for each type of resource that can be created.

HTTP mapping:

* The Create method must use an HTTP POST verb.
* The request message should have a field parent that specifies the parent resource name where the resource is to be created.
* The request message field containing the resource must map to the HTTP request body. If the google.api.http annotation is used for the Create method, the body: "<resource_field>" form must be used.
* The request may contain a field named <resource>_id to allow callers to select a client assigned id. This field may be inside the resource.
* All remaining request message fields shall map to the URL query parameters.
* The returned resource shall map to the entire HTTP response body.


If the Create method supports client-assigned resource name and the resource already exists, the request should either fail with error code ALREADY_EXISTS or use a different server-assigned resource name and the documentation should be clear that the created resource name may be different from that passed in.

The Create method must take an input resource, so that when the resource schema changes, there is no need to update both request schema and resource schema. For resource fields that cannot be set by the clients, they must be documented as "Output only" fields.

```proto
// Creates a book in a shelf.
rpc CreateBook(CreateBookRequest) returns (Book) {
  // Create maps to HTTP POST. URL path as the collection name.
  // HTTP request body contains the resource.
  option (google.api.http) = {
    // The `parent` captures the parent resource name, such as "shelves/1".
    post: "/v1/{parent=shelves/*}/books"
    body: "book"
  };
}

message CreateBookRequest {
  // The parent resource name where the book is to be created.
  string parent = 1;

  // The book id to use for this book.
  string book_id = 3;

  // The book resource to create.
  // The field name should match the Noun in the method name.
  Book book = 2;
}

rpc CreateShelf(CreateShelfRequest) returns (Shelf) {
  option (google.api.http) = {
    post: "/v1/shelves"
    body: "shelf"
  };
}

message CreateShelfRequest {
  Shelf shelf = 1;
}
```

### [Update](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods#update) 
The Update method takes a request message containing a resource and zero or more parameters. It updates the specified resource and its properties, and returns the updated resource.

Mutable resource properties should be mutable by the Update method, except the properties that contain the resource's name or parent. Any functionality to rename or move a resource must not happen in the Update method and instead shall be handled by a custom method.

HTTP mapping:

* The standard Update method should support partial resource update, and use HTTP verb PATCH with a FieldMask field named update_mask. Output fields that are provided by the client as inputs should be ignored.
* An Update method that requires more advanced patching semantics, such as appending to a repeated field, should be made available by a custom method.
* If the Update method only supports full resource update, it must use HTTP verb PUT. However, full update is highly discouraged because it has backwards compatibility issues when adding new resource fields.
* The message field receiving the resource name must map to the URL path. The field may be in the resource message itself.
* The request message field containing the resource must map to the request body.
* All remaining request message fields must map to the URL query parameters.
* The response message must be the updated resource itself.

If the API accepts client-assigned resource names, the server may allow the client to specify a non-existent resource name and create a new resource. Otherwise, the Update method should fail with non-existent resource name. The error code NOT_FOUND should be used if it is the only error condition.

An API with an Update method that supports resource creation should also provide a Create method. Rationale is that it is not clear how to create resources if the Update method is the only way to do it.

```proto
// Updates a book.
rpc UpdateBook(UpdateBookRequest) returns (Book) {
  // Update maps to HTTP PATCH. Resource name is mapped to a URL path.
  // Resource is contained in the HTTP request body.
  option (google.api.http) = {
    // Note the URL template variable which captures the resource name of the
    // book to update.
    patch: "/v1/{book.name=shelves/*/books/*}"
    body: "book"
  };
}

message UpdateBookRequest {
  // The book resource which replaces the resource on the server.
  Book book = 1;

  // The update mask applies to the resource. For the `FieldMask` definition,
  // see https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/google.protobuf#fieldmask
  FieldMask update_mask = 2;
}
```

### [Delete](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods#delete)
The Delete method takes a resource name and zero or more parameters, and deletes or schedules for deletion the specified resource. The Delete method should return google.protobuf.Empty.

An API should not rely on any information returned by a Delete method, as it cannot be invoked repeatedly.

HTTP mapping:

* The Delete method must use an HTTP DELETE verb.
* The request message field(s) receiving the resource name should map to the URL path.
* All remaining request message fields shall map to the URL query parameters.
* There is no request body; the API configuration must not declare a body clause.
* If the Delete method immediately removes the resource, it should return an empty response.
* If the Delete method initiates a long-running operation, it should return the long-running operation.
* If the Delete method only marks the resource as being deleted, it should return the updated resource.

Calls to the Delete method should be idempotent in effect, but do not need to yield the same response. Any number of Delete requests should result in a resource being (eventually) deleted, but only the first request should result in a success code. Subsequent requests should result in a google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND.

```proto
// Deletes a book.
rpc DeleteBook(DeleteBookRequest) returns (google.protobuf.Empty) {
  // Delete maps to HTTP DELETE. Resource name maps to the URL path.
  // There is no request body.
  option (google.api.http) = {
    // Note the URL template variable capturing the multi-segment name of the
    // book resource to be deleted, such as "shelves/shelf1/books/book2"
    delete: "/v1/{name=shelves/*/books/*}"
  };
}

message DeleteBookRequest {
  // The resource name of the book to be deleted, for example:
  // "shelves/shelf1/books/book2"
  string name = 1;
}
```