## Naming Convention
### API Description
The API description is a phrase starting with an active verb that describes what you can do with the API. In your .proto file, an API description is added as a comment to the corresponding service, as in the following example:
```proto
// Manages books and shelves in a simple digital library.
service LibraryService {
...
}
```

Here are some more example API descriptions:
* Shares updates, photos, videos, and more with your friends around the world.
* Accesses a cloud-hosted machine learning service that makes it easy to build smart apps that respond to streams of data.

### Resource description
A resource description is a partial sentence that describes what the resource represents. If you need to add more detail, use additional sentences. In your .proto file, a resource description is added as a comment to the corresponding message type, as in the following example:
```proto
// A book resource in the Library API.
message Book {
  ...
}
```
Here are some example resource descriptions:
* A task on the user's to-do list. Each task has a unique priority.
* An event on the user's calendar.

### Field and parameter descriptions
A noun phrase that describes a field or parameter definition, as shown in the following examples:

* The number of topics in this series.
* The accuracy of the latitude and longitude coordinates, in meters. Must be non-negative.
* Flag governing whether attachment URL values are returned for submission resources in this series. The default value for series.insert is true.
* The container for voting information. Present only when voting information is recorded.
Not currently used or deprecated.
* Field and parameter descriptions should describe what values are valid and invalid. Remember that engineers will do their best to break any service, and will not be able to read the underlying code to clarify any unclear information.

For strings, the description should describe the syntax and permissible characters, as well as any required encoding. For example:

* 1-255 characters in the set [A-a0-9]
* A valid URL path string starting with / that follows the RFC 2332 conventions. Max length is 500 characters.

The description should specify any default value or behavior, but may omit describing default values that are effectively null.

If the field value is required, input only, output only, it should be documented at the start of the field description. By default, all fields and parameters are optional. For example:
```proto
message Table {
  // Required. The resource name of the table.
  string name = 1;

  // Input only. Whether to validate table creation without actually doing it.
  bool validate_only = 2;

  // Output only. The timestamp when the table was created. Assigned by
  // the server.
  google.protobuf.Timestamp create_time = 3;

  // The display name of the table.
  string display_name = 4;
}
```

### Method description
A method description is a sentence indicating what effect the method has and what resource it operates on. It usually starts with a third-person, present tense verb, i.e., in English, a verb ending in "s". If you need to add more details, use additional sentences. Here are some examples:

* Lists calendar events for the authenticated user.
* Updates a calendar event with the data included in the request.
* Deletes a location record from the authenticated user's location history.
* Creates or updates a location record in the authenticated user's location history using the data included in the request. If a location resource already exists with the same timestamp value, the data provided overwrites the existing data.

