# API Directory Structure

## Repository Prerequisites

- `BUILD` - The build file.
- `METADATA` - The build metadata file.
- `OWNERS` - The API directory owners.
- `README.md` - The general information about the API service.

## Configuration Files

- `{service}.yaml` - The baseline service config file, which is the YAML representation of the `google.api.Service` proto message.
- `prod.yaml` - The prod delta service config file.
- `staging.yaml` - The staging delta service config file.
- `test.yaml` - The test delta service config file.
- `local.yaml` - The local delta service config file.

## Documentation Files

- `doc/*` - The technical documentation files. They should be in Markdown format.

## Interface Definitions

- `v[0-9]*/*` - Each such directory contains a major version of the API, mainly the proto files and build scripts.
- `{subapi}/v[0-9]*/*` - Each `{subapi}` directory contains interface definition of a sub-API. Each sub-API may have its own independent major version.
- `type/*` - proto files containing types that are shared between different APIs, different versions of the same API, or between the API and service implementation. Type definitions under `type/*` should not have breaking changes once they are released.

**Note:** Public Google API definitions are published on GitHub, see [Google APIs repository](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis). For details of the directory structure, see [Service Infrastructure Example API](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/tree/master/google/example/library/v1).
